# Units
These are the units used by our system and for physics calculations.

- Good Unit (U) = 100 kg
- Distances, Meter (m) used primarily, km used where nicer.
- Time, most calculations deal with seconds, though kilosecs and megasecs will also be used.
  - A Day is 86,400 seconds, or a bit less than 100 ks
- Speed of Light (c) is rounded to 300,000,000 m/s
- Our unit of Acceleration G is rounded to 10 m/s2.
- Energy Units are MegaJoules (MJ) (J = kg * m2 / s2).
  - Calculated from U (100kg) * G (10 m/s2) * 1 km (1,000 m).
- Energy Transfer is in MegaWatts, directly from MJ.
- Thrust (N = Kg * m / s2) is standardized into 1,000N (1 T) (U * G or 100kg * 10 m/s2)
- Impulse (N/s) is standardized similarly to Thrust. Impulse is the primary measure for engines. This factor defines how much thrust can be brought to bear in a period of time.
- Light Engines and Laser Propulsion Physics
  - Light Energy is also in MJ, the conversion into a specific wavelength is unneccissary.
  - Light Momentum is calculated from MJ / C (kg m / s), making for an easy measure of the momentum of light hitting or leaving a body.
    - 1 Energy Unit (MJ) adds 1 / 300 kg m / s of momentum. (no time taken into account)
  - Light Engine Thrust is reaches N by applying the momentum in a period of time. So Light Momentum Per Second (MJ/C / s = N) results in the available force.
    - 1 MW of power applies 1 / 300 N to an object.
  - Light Engine Consumption is the maximum amount of Energy that the engine can consume, measured in MW.
  - Light Engines also have an efficiency factor that defines how much of the energy input goes into thrust. The energy lost in this fashion goes into thermal energy which must be dissappated, or else it may cause damage.
- Heat dissipation scales with Surface Area (m2), current energy. Thermal capacity is standardized across all materials, so it's linear.
  - Heat generated by buildings transfers to the satellite, body, ship, whatever it's attached to. 
- Thermal Energy Extraction
  - To maintain Entropy, all forms of gaining energy from thermal energy directly should be less efficient than the energy they consume. Typically in the order of 100 MJ of thermal energy to 1 MJ of controlled energy.